# VANTAGE
## General Comments
This codebase is based around the test types used for the 2018-2019 development cycle. These included three types:
1. Simulation Testing
The simulation test was created using a combination of Cinema4D and Blensor, for the purpose of simulation the optical and TOF cameras, respectively. This suite ([VANTAGE_Simulation](https://github.com/vantagecu/VANTAGE_Simulation)) can be found in the [VANTAGE organization](https://github.com/vantagecu) repo. The truth data for this test is generated by the Cinema4D program itself.

2. Modular Testing
The modular test was developed for the purpose of testing the VANTAGE system from 0-10m. This test was performed in the CU RECUV lab, with truth data acquired using a system of VICON cameras.

3. 100m Testing
The 100m test was developed for the purpose of testing the system across the full 0-100m required range. This test was performed at the Boulder airport, using a test rig based on attaching CubeSats to a car, and acquiring truth data by affixing a GPS Trimble system to the car.

### Data Directory
The organization of the data directory (*VANTAGE/Data/*) is crucial for the successful operation of the VANTAGE software suite. The majority of errors that will be encountered when running the suite will be due to incorrectly configured data folders. The data directory is currently configured to handle the three types of tests used in the 2018-2019 development cycle. To ensure the correct configuration of the data:

Create a folder *Data/* within the main VANTAGE folder. This is excluded by .git in the .gitignore, so all data to be processed will downloaded and stored individually on your local machine. When the software suite has been fully set up and run, the Data directory will have the following folders:
Simulation/
truthMats/
Results/
ErrorOut/
ModularTest_4_9/
3_25_100m/

These should contain the following:
#### Simulation/
The simulation folder will have subfolders describing the type, date, and speed of the test. An example of this is: *Simulation_4_15_030*, which represents a test taken on April 15, at 0.30m/s. Within each of these subdirectories should be two folders, *Optical/* and *TOF/*. It will also have a *truth.json* file, and a *truth_corrected.json*, which is the truth file VANTAGE will process. In the case of the simulation, optical data should have naming conventions of a prefix *VTube*, and a timestamp suffix. If using the VANTAGE simulation software suite, this convention will automaticall be generated in the output. The TOF data should have multiple samples (taken with randomized noise), so it will have subdirectories of convention *Sample*. These files will then be prefixed with *Sample*, and suffixed with a timestamp and frame stamp.

#### ModularTest_4_9/ & 3_25_100m/
This folder should have subfolders corresponding to a test number taken on that day (e.g. *Test5/*). This will then follow the general structure of a folder *Optical/*, *TOF/*, *truth.json*, and *truth_corrected.json*.

Optical images within the *Optical/* folder should be defined by the format *VANTAGEOPYYYYM_DD_HH_MM_SS_mmm.png*
TOF pointclouds within the *TOF/* folder should be defined by the format *pointcloud_YYYY_MM_DD_HH_MM_SS.mmmmmm.pcd*


## Configs
There are folders corresponding to each of the three tests used by VANTAGE, configured as *3_25_100m*, *ModularTest_4_9*, and *Simulation*. Within each of these folders will be subdirectories corresponding to individual tests run on those dates.
1. Modular
Sample folder: *Test5/*
2. 100m
Sample folder: *Test5/*
3. Simulation
Sample folder: *_030/Sample1* (for 0.30m/s)
Each of these folders will then contain configuration files, as described below:
### Deployer.json

### Manifest.json

### Optical.json
OpticalData: Directory pointing to optical images for current test

OpticalFileExtension: Prefix for optical image files

DesiredFPS: Deprecated variable for processing at a specific FPS other than sensor parameter

PlotBinarizedImages: Boolean for plotting images after adaptive binarization

PlotCentroids: Boolean for plotting centroids of objects on binarized images

PlotHist: Boolean for plotting visual magnitude histogram of current image

PlotAny: Boolean for setting on/off for plotting anything in optical processing

PlotCubeSats: Boolean for plotting grayscale image

PlotIBoundaries: Boolean for plotting boundaries on grayscale image

RunOcclusion: Boolean for attempting optical occlusion processing

PerformDataCleaning: Boolean for setting data to 0 manually as defined in 'Clean100m' and 'CleanModular'

Clean100m: Pixel regions for manual data processing (100m test)

CleanModular: Pixel regions for manual data processing (Modular test)
### Sensors.json

### TOF.json

### Transform.json

### Validate.json

## Tools
Miscellaneous tools can be found in the [MiscTools](https://github.com/DylanBossie-CU/VANTAGE/tree/master/MiscTools) directory.
### tofCropping

### PlotCubeSats
This tool is used to generate 3D scatter plots of the first CubeSat launched for a given test type. Output figures will then be saved to *FigureOut/*.
The script is currently configured to plot for three specific tests:
1. Simulation Test (4-15 0.85m/s)
2. Modular Test (4-9)
3. 100m Test (3-25)

To configure which test is run, modify *testType (line 4)* to match one of the switch cases.

### truthCorrections_matGenerator
This tool is used to update the output *dataStruct* truth variable created in *Validate.m (line 467)* to .mat files to cooperate with the *VANTAGE.masterPlotter()* function. It will search for each of the three types of test cases in the *VANTAGE/Data/* directory, and create a *dataStruct* .mat variable which contains truth data for later processing.
To utilize this script, define the correct data directories in the beginning of the file which points to the location of the corrected truth data files.

### PlotTOFPointClouds
This uses the built in *pcshow()* function in MATLAB to display raw pointcloud files.
To utilize this script, define a directory which contains point clouds, and define the correct suffix in the *PointClouds* variable in line 13.

### RewriteDataStructVelocity
This script reads dataStruct output files, and transposes the velocity vector as needed to be processed in *masterPlotter()*.


## Automation
Contains tools for getting data from sensors and communicating with Raspberry Pi for remote boot.
### OpticalCam_Automation
Contains three tools for the optical camera. Important settings to mess with here: exposure time(associated with the ueye.is_Exposure command) and the sensor gain (for brighter images with more noise, is_SetHardwareGain command)
#### Optical_Data_Capture.py
This file is used for data collection during testing. Set up to take many images at a specified interval.

#### Optical_Single_Frame.py
This file is used for capturing single frames, primarily for use in performing sensor calibrations when data needs to be taken on command. This script is called from the calibration Matlab script.

#### SimpleLive_Pyueye_OpenCV.py
Used to see a live view of the optical camera output. Useful for performing alignments, can also be useful for camera calibrations and for showing off at Symposium/Expo



### TOF_Automation
This directory contains all of the drivers and stuff for ToF. All of the scripts you need to run are in the \examples subdirectory
Listed below are the important ones.

#### TOF_Data_Capture.py
Main testing script, takes a certain number of frames.

#### image_viewer_orig.py
Live views of the ToF camera.

#### TOF_Single_Frame_Capture.py
Captures Single frame of the ToF camera's "intensity" image. This is like a normal optical image that can be used for calibration.

#### create_application.py
The ToF camera runs on an application where certain parameters are set. See the ToF manual to understand what all the parameters mean.


### PiComms
